add monitoring logging as addons (#282)
harvester/docs: docs/logging/logging.md

The size of logging data is related to the cluster scale, workload and other factors. `Harvester` does not use persistent storage to store log data inside the cluster. Users need to set up a log server to receive logs accordingly.
:::

_Available as of v1.2.0_

> The logging feature becomes addons and is disabled by default in new installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logging feature is now implemented with an addon and is disabled by default in new installations.
```

Reviewer: Maybe `Addon` here should be in singular form? Correct me if I'm wrong though~

> User can enable/disable logging addons [addons](../advanced/addons.md) from Harvester WebUI after installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can enable/disable the `rancher-logging` [addon](../advanced/addons.md) from the Harvester WebUI after installation.
```

Reviewer: - duplicate `addon`
- better give the full name of the addon

> User can enable/disable logging addons in Harvester installation via customized [harveter-configuration](../install/harvester-configuration.md#installaddons) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can also enable/disable the `rancher-logging` addon in their Harvester installation by customizing the [harveter-configuration](../install/harvester-configuration.md#installaddons) file.
```

> For the Harvester clusters upgraded from v1.1.*, the logging is converted to addons automatically and kept enabled as before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Harvester clusters upgraded from v1.1.*, the logging feature is converted to an addon automatically and kept enabled as before.
```
